Two little children, a boy and a girl, sat by an old church door.
The little girl's feet were as brown as the curls that fell on the dress that she wore.
The boy's coat was faded and hatless his head, a tear showing in his little eyes.
Why don't you run home to your mama, she said.
And this was the maiden's reply.
We can't earn our bread, dear, too little, she said.
Jim's five years, I'm only seven.
We've come here to stay For the close of the day For we have no mama in our home. Mama's in heaven, they took her away, left Jim and I all go home. Why don't you run home To your mama, she said. And this was the maiden's reply,
Mama's in heaven, they took her away Left here and I alone. We've come here to stay For the close of the day For we have no mama in our home. Papa's lost out on the sea long ago. We waited all night on the shore.
For he was life-saving captain, you know, and he never came back anymore.
We can't earn our bread, we're too little, she said.
Jim's five years, I'm only seven.
They come here to stay for the close of the day, for we have no mama in our home.
The Texans came early to ring the church bell and found them beneath us no cry.
The angels made room for the orphans to dwell in heaven with mama at night.
We can't earn our bread, we're too little, she says.
Jim's five years, I'm only seven.
We've come here to stay for the schools of the day.